---
title: "What being different means"
date: 2019-11-22 10:15:28 +0900
categories: blog
---

I like to spend time with my loved one. The people who I feel comfortable with, I can respect. That’s where my happiness comes from - meaningful relationships
When I meet people, with high probability, I can feel if we could hit it off or not. Luckily enough, I’ve made some great friends who inspire me, help me have a better life. I feel happy about it and sincerely feel grateful to them.

On the other hand, it means that I don’t spend much time with people who have different personalities. And I didn’t feel like I was missing things. Like I’ve said I’m pretty happy now and I love spending quality time with my people. I rarely look back and worry about what am I missing.

Recently, I had hard time to understand some of my closest friends. I thought we have many similarities but at the same time we were so different. Sometimes it was exptreamly hard to understand what’s going on. ‘Why he/she is doing this thing in that way?’ ‘I thought we are doing great but seems like it’s not. What should I do? Should I tell him/her?’

Well today My friend sent me a video - https://youtu.be/naleynXS7yo. A Key & Peele Comedy sketch. After watching the video, I felt really new. I could see how I was dealing with ‘being different’. I always tried to understand people in my way. a) he/she does A b) I guess he/she does A cause he/she thinks in A way. C-1) well that’s great. I’m happy. C-2) well that’s bad(or even stupid.) he/she ‘Shouldn’t’ do that. For sure, we see the world through our very own eyes, views. And I try hard to have strong opinions on pretty much everything.(not everything, the things relevant to me)

Now I see we can think differently and I feel there’s nothing wrong about it. Of course, I’m not Hitler or some psychopath I didn’t think explicitly that ‘you have to think like the way I think.’ But that was inside me. ‘People would think this way. (Cause I think this way.)’ And I feel so stupid and sorry.

People do things differently, think differently with different reasonings. And that should be respected. I thought I respect those opinions. It turned out I was not respecting. Now I kinda know what ‘being different’ means. Or at least I will be trying to understand how it works. Hope it would go well. Thanks to my friend, now I have a chance to be a better person. I appreciate it.
